c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.dll.config
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.pdb
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.dll
c:\users\julien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.dll.config
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\julien\Source\Repos\ppjlt3\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
